---
title: 2019 Top 20 Albums
description: 
published: true
date: 2020-05-31T21:34:26.014Z
tags: fun, music
---

# Top 20 Albums
## 20. Kishi Bashi - Omoiyari (Chamber Pop/Indie Folk) 3.7
## 19. Kokoroko - s/t (Jazz-Funk/Afrobeat) 3.7
## 18. Ustad Saami - God Is Not a Terrorist (Khyal/Hindustani Classical Music) 3.7
## 17. Michael Kiwanuka - Kiwanuka (Ps ychedelic Soul) 3.7
## 16. Teebs - Anicca (Neo-Psychedelia/Downtempo) 3.7
## 15. Ariana Grande - Thank U, Next (Contemporary R&B/Pop) 3.7
## 14. Jessica Pratt - Quiet Signs (Contemporary Folk/Psychedelic Folk) 3.7
## 13. Tyler, the Creator - Igor (Neo-Soul/Alternative R&B) 3.8
## 12. Nilüfer Yanya - Miss Universe (Indie Pop/Art Pop) 3.85
## 11. Purple Mountains - s/t (Indie Folk/Folk Rock) 3.85
It's a shame I didn't give this album a chance earlier.  The album initially sounded decent, but not anything special. After a few listens, the emotions really started to hit me, and after learning the story behind it, this was cemented as one of my favorite albums of the year.
## 10. Jamila Woods - Legacy! Legacy! (Neo-Soul/Contemporary R&B) 3.85
This album has a really great sound with an awesome performance by Jamila and fantastic choice of features. The album is especially powerful at times.
## 9. Quelle Chris - Guns (Abstract Hip Hop/Jazz Rap) 3.9
This is probably the best rap concept album I've heard.  The production on it is amazing and the feeling of the message is present on every song, even if the it's not present on every bar.  I keep coming back to this album.
## 8. Frankie & The Witch Fingers - Zam (Psychedelic Rock/Garage Rock) 3.9
I saw this band live as an opener in a very intimate venue.  The energy they brought was amazing, and I think it is present on the recorded version in a similarly astonishing way.  This album is full of inventive transitions in BPM, key, and time signature.  Really creative album that sounds really good.
## 7. Yugen Blakrok - Anima Mysterium (Conscious/Abstract Hip Hop) 3.9
This album feels like the lyrics are written 20 years in the future and recorded over beats from 20 years ago, which gives it a really interesting mix.  The album is strangely ominous, but each song has a strong beat and really strong lyrics (although I don't always understand what she's saying).
## 6. Stella Donnelly - Beware of the Dogs (Indie Rock) 3.9
Really easy summer listening album.  The album is also really powerfully feminist and each song brings with it a great message.  Good sounds and a good message is always great.
## 5. The Comet Is Coming - Trust in the Lifeforce of the Deep Mystery (Nu Jazz/Jazz Fusion) 4.0
Unique jazz fusion album.  I really like the feature from Kate Tempest on it, but the best part is the blending of the sax and synth.  I think this is definitely their best album of the year.
## 4. IDK - Is He Real? - (Conscious Hip Hop/Alternative R&B) 4.1
Great album through and through, easy listen, but definitely creative.  The album starts out really cool with a definitive statement that god isn't real, and closes with an argument why god has to exist.  Really a cool idea for an album and IDK really puts it all out there on this.
## 3. JPEGMAFIA All My Heroes Are Cornballs (Experimental Hip Hop/Glitch Hop) 4.2
This is another album that I didn't like too much when I first listened.  I had never listened to JPEG before, so I figured I'd give it a chance.  I liked a few songs and saved them, but it took a few listens to like the whole album.  This has some really creative beats ad some really profound lyrics.  It is really empowering to hear JPEGs anger on some of these tracks.
## 2. 잠비나이 [Jambinai] - 온다 (Onda) (Korean Folk Music/Post-Rock) 4.3
A really interesting listen, combining Korean folk music with post-rock and post-metal.  Some people may describe it as "screachy" which I understand, but I think the mix works super well.  The album makes me feel powerful, but also maintains its roots amazingly.
## 1. Weyes Blood - Titanic Rising (Baroque Pop/Dream Pop) 4.6
This album is really amazing.  The first few listens, I didn't really think much.  But then it hit me how amazing Andromeda is.  In fact the only song I don't absolutely love is Mirror Forever.  Weyes Blood has a beautiful voice and the instrumentation almost sounds like it comes out of a movie.   If I could describe the album in one word, it would be shimmering.